we're currently standing a couple of
meters away from Wadi Gazza the area
that separates the north of Gaza with
the south of Gaza earlier today in the
morning a couple of families had the
opportunity to go back to the north it
was very surprising people started
coming from all parts of the srin areas
to this area where they're saying that
they want to go back to the north as you
see people are holding their
bags are holding all of what they own
and have and they are walking to that
checkpoint
hoping they could cross back to the
north but on the other hand people know
that in the north there is starvation
there's famine they won't find food uh
they know that the situation in the
noring Gaza Strip is very dire and it's
un livable but they still want to go
back to their houses they want to check
up on their beloved ones most of these
families have their beloved Ones Still
trapped under the rubble they want to go
and see their families see their houses
if they're still standing or not we have
been talking to more than one family and
they said that they do not have anything
to lose and all they want right now is
to go back to their
houses we don't want to stay in Rafa
want to go back to our home there's
nothing to do in Rafa we're looking for
peace enough enough of this situation
look people are running to go back we
will only get sick here if we
stay some people had the ability to
leave and to cross from the south to the
north and others are telling us that
they're going to stay here and they're
going to wait till the morning to cross
again I just want to go back to my home
I ended up living in the tent I'm
suffering every day every day is a
challenge this has been unprecedented
and Palestinians believe that there is
hope because they lost hope that they
would ever go back to the north but
still there is fighting going on inat
and people think that this is a step
towards ra incur this is Al
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer